Describe unsupported startup parameter error (#1312)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/connect/connection-errors.md

If you encounter this error, you can try adjusting the timing of your query or reestablishing the connection before running the query. Alternatively, if you are a [Neon Pro Plan](/docs/introduction/pro-plan) user, you can disable auto-suspend or configure a different suspension period. For instructions, see [Configuring Auto-suspend for Neon computes](/docs/guides/auto-suspend-guide).  [Neon Free Tier](/docs/introduction/free-tier) users cannot modify the default 5 minute auto-suspend setting. 

## Unsupported startup parameter

This error might be in two variations:

```text
unsupported startup parameter: <...>
```
or 
```text
unsupported startup parameter in options: <...>
```

> It happens because pooled connection with PgBouncer support a limited number of startup parameters. To resolve this issue either remove this startup parameter or do not use pooled connection with this setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error occurs when using a pooled Neon connection string, which only supports a limited number of startup parameters. To resolve this issue, you can either remove the startup parameter or use an unpooled pooled connection. For more information about pooled and unpooled connections in Neon, see [Connection pooling](/docs/connect/connection-pooling).
```

Reviewer: @khanova Is there a specific startup parameter that causes the issue? That would be nice to mention. I noticed that it's typically "extra_float_digits" when I do a Google search: https://github.com/pgbouncer/pgbouncer/issues/907

Author: But there might be many of such parametrs: `replication`, `lock_timeout`, `search_path`, etc.

> The error occurs when using a pooled Neon connection string. This connection type only supports a limited number of startup parameters. To resolve this issue, you can either remove the startup parameter or use an unpooled connection. For more information about pooled and unpooled connections in Neon, see [Connection pooling](/docs/connect/connection-pooling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error occurs when using a pooled Neon connection string with startup options that are not supported by PgBouncer. PgBouncer allows only startup parameters it can keep track of in startup packets: `client_encoding`, `datestyle`, `timezone`, and `standard_conforming_strings`. See [ignore_startup_parameters](ignore_startup_parameters). To resolve this issue, you can either remove the unsupported parameter from your connection string or use an unpooled Neon connection string. For more information about pooled and unpooled connections in Neon, see [Connection pooling](/docs/connect/connection-pooling).
```
